Add docs about provide sulu twig attributes (#577)
sulu/sulu-docs: cookbook/static-route-controller.rst

> Create a static route controller

Reviewer: not sure if the term `static route controller` is used in the symfony docs. also you dont need to do this if you dont want to render your page template right?

Reviewer: maybe `Render page template from controller` / `Render base template from controller` or `Render page template from custom route`?

Author: Should we go with something like "How to get sulu twig template attributes" `sulu-twig-attributes.rst`.

Reviewer: yes, thats good too 🙂
maybe `Provide Sulu twig template attributes in your controller`?

================================

> Sometimes you have static symfony routes like a custom search controller or any other
> route which is not a sulu content page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are usecases where you want to render the template of your website outside of a sulu content page,
for example when rendering the results of a custom search controller.
```

> That you can use the same ``base`` template for this static site you need to use the
> ``TemplateAttributeResolver`` service which will generate you the required template attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to use the same ``base`` template for these custom routes, you need to provide the correct
attributes to your template. To do this, you can use the``TemplateAttributeResolver`` service in your controller:
```
